hi guys I wish everyone a very very
Merry Christmas and today i wanna share
my Christmas unwrapping with you guys so
let's get started first off I'll share
with you guys some gifts that I've open
already because I've been a bit naughty
and first of all is this bag I got this
bag from my parents and I just feel that
is such a unique style that I don't have
so I've been loving this bag and then
second is this is a natio nail and
handset and inside there's a little card
for my friend as me the car has a little
doggy honor because my friends are vet
and she knows that I love love animals
and here's the hand and nail cream and
this is a nail set so this is kind of an
Elsa on the go so it has nail clippers
and filers and so that's this and also
my sister got me this necklace that I'm
wearing right now so it's a love heart
necklace my sister also got me these
there be l'oreal infallible eyeshadow
and i got the purple obsession flashback
silver and for our pink I've done a
tutorial on these eyeshadows which I'll
link off here so now it's the unwrapped
things that I was patient enough to wait
until Christmas day to open these
presents actually for my boyfriend so
open them one by one
so this is the first one and this is the
bareMinerals Malik foundation and the
color is in fair thank you honey and now
the second one second is at mac blush
and this is in flower power nice much
like this and now these two next is
these two para para blushes and I got
the one in two and in four so this is
number two this little brush here summer
too and that's number four it's kind of
like a peachy time rush
and so that all of my Christmas are
wrapping done and I want to leave a
thought with you guys and that's
something I heard from mass last week is
that Christmas is the time to celebrate
the birth of Jesus on to earth and
during this time we should also think
about how Jesus can be born within us or
the spirit of Jesus can be born within
us so I think that's a very very
interesting thought and so I hope you
guys like the video thank you guys for
watching until next time bye